hi its Christie in the radio kitchen
today I'm going to make the ultimate
grilled cheese sandwich it uses three
different types of cheese and I'm
getting this out of our cream cheese
cookbook so I can guess one of the
ingredients is cream cheese and it's
super easy to make but super delicious
so let's get started so you need about
ten slices of an Italian bread and you
can buy it sliced I just like to buy it
in slice and I can cut it to the size I
like and if you could tell this rate of
serrated bread knife makes it really
easy to cut that bread now some people
don't like as much bread so it'll easily
cut a thin slice it will easily cut a
thick slice and this nice sharp knife
prevents you from smashing down you get
a nice rounded bread slice with those
sharp serrated teeth now we're going to
set this aside because I want to show
you how to mix up the cheese filling so
in a bowl you're going to take a three
ounce package of cream cheese 1/2 a cup
of mayonnaise a cup of shredded cheddar
cheese a cup of shredded mozzarella and
a half a teaspoon of garlic powder and
about 1/4 teaspoon of seasoned salt and
this is new to radio cutlery we have a
burger and fry seasoning we have a
barbecue seasoning we have some
marinades they're all really tasty and
good all right we're just going to mix
this together
it's going to get kind of pasty which is
as good I hear until you don't be turned
off by the mayonnaise because that's
what kind of holds it all together and
it gives it a rich flavor put that cream
cheese and mozzarella and cheddar
they're all going to melt together so on
five slices we're going to spread this
mixture it's really easy to spread with
this little party spreader spreads
butter and jam it's really great to put
out on your appetizer table or cheese
balls I like to put the slices out so
you know that you can easily share the
cheese
alright now I'm going to go in and tap
these with our remaining slices and
we're going to go over to our skillet
and prime up so now we're going to take
about two tablespoons of butter and put
that on this skillet and I'll add our
I'm just going to make a cup over now I
like to cook that on medium medium high
but you want to watch them once they
start browning they're going to go fast
so once your sandwiches are brown on
both sides and ready to serve the cheese
is all melted they're ready to serve
this is our shorter bread slicer for
muffins and smaller breads like this and
that's the ultimate grilled cheese
sandwich one of the recipes in our 101
recipes with cream cheese enjoy
you